hi today I'll be showing the single
rotation tool which allows you to
generate eight
directions so what you want to make sure
when generating with the single rotation
tool is that your from image matches up
with your from View and from Direction
and that your two direction and two view
is what you want to
generate here I'm showing that you can
generate from different directions but
what I have noticed is that South is
usually one of the better directions to
generate from but in this uh video I
will be generating from uh the next
Direction so South to Southeast East
Northeast Etc but you can do it in any
way you like and you can try different
things and see what
works just like our other models you can
use a init image to to help the model
understand what the rotation should look
like but for this particular character
it wasn't really necessary but it can be
a very strong and helpful tool to guide
the models into creating what you
[Music]
want
I hope you like the video remember to
subscribe to see future updates and new
tips and tricks on how to use the
tool